Then I'd like to hear how you clean up
What about Miss Ye?
I just got the news this morning.
The world-famous Marquis of King's Landing has arrived in Nanzhou
city
The First Lord has specially held a welcome reception
At the reception, a local family will be selected
Have a toast
And I will toast it on behalf of the Wang family
Just a glass of wine
I can sue you hard
You need to know what kind of person Juntong is
He can crush you with the movement of a finger
Husband, is this true?
Of course you're so sure you're eligible
To you and quiet
Eligibility for toasting is open to auction
Who dares to compete with my Wang family in the whole of Nanzhou?
I'll tell you what.
Anyway, you slapped my woman three times today
Tomorrow, I will ask the Military Commission to escape ruthlessly and come back late.
He threatened you with nostalgia later
Aren't you afraid?
I swear it's not worth mentioning
What worries me the most is Chu Yunzhou
He won't let it go
It is also said that the Chu family has been in Beijing in recent years
If Chuyun Prefecture
Take the Chu family to close our armpits
My grandma would never agree to our marriage.
And this is Chu Yanzhong's narrow-minded
He will be secretly powerless towards you
You and I are the king
Is it possible for the Ye family to resist Japanese disrespect?
What happened to the wedding?
You can get divorced immediately after getting married
As long as I don't wait for him at home
You and I will never be together
Miss, I have an idea
Didn't Wang Ba just say Lanzhou City?
Do you want to bid for a chance to toast Lord King's Landing?
we
If you can take this opportunity to approach the Lord's Landing
maybe
Maybe it could save his life
Right
Go here and I'll take you to the goal